Add CoDim stewardship banner to README (#179)
pyvista/awesome-pyvista: README.md

Contributions _very welcome_; please keep submissions aligned with the [Awesome Manifesto](awesome-manifesto).

---

<div align="center">

> 	<sub>Awesome PyVista is proudly supported by our sponsor:</sub>

Reviewer: Just a tweak on the language. We'd like to consistently phrase CoDimensional as PyVista's "commercial steward" rather than "sponsor".

```suggestion
	<sub>PyVista is proudly supported by our commercial steward CoDimensional PBC:</sub>
```
